update json-rpc page (#10914)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/index.md

### eth_mining {#eth_mining}

> Returns `true` if client is actively mining new blocks. This can only return `true` for proof-of-work networks and may not be available in some clients since The Merge to proof of stake..

Reviewer: I don't think it's correct to say 'The Merge to proof-of-stake'. 

It should either be: 

1. "...since The Merge."
2. "...since the transition to proof-of-stake."

### eth_hashrate {#eth_hashrate}

> Returns the number of hashes per second that the node is mining with. This can only return `true` for proof-of-work networks and may not be available in some clients since The Merge to proof of stake.

Reviewer: Same. Also proof-of-stake, not proof of stake.

Author: ```suggestion
Returns the number of hashes per second that the node is mining with. This can only return `true` for proof-of-work networks and may not be available in some clients since [The Merge](/roadmap/merge/).
```
